.. 
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Copyright (c) The Einsums Developers. All rights reserved.
     Licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt in the project root for license information.
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. Rename this file to be vX.Y.Z.rst, with X, Y, and Z replaced with the version number.

==============
v2.0.0 Release
==============

What's New
----------
* Tensor storage order can now be selected by users. The default is still row-major, but this can be changed when you
  configure Einsums.
    * As of 2.0.0, we recommend sticking to row major, as the generic tensor contraction routine has not been optimized
      for column major.
* Tensors are now based on a common implementation class to reduce the amount of code that needs to be maintained.
* The QR decomposition routine now outputs the Q and R matrices, rather than the intermediates needed to compute these.
* General eigendecomposition can now accept nullpointers for the eigenvectors you don't want to calculate.
* General eigendecomposition also only accepts complex tensors as outputs now.
* HPTT plans can be saved and loaded in files. You no longer have to worry about wasting a bunch of time waiting for
  the better search methods. You can compile the transpose once and then load it in for subsequent program executions.
    * To support this, a new `compile_permute` function has been created, as well as overloads for the `permute` function
      that take plans as inputs.
    * The files are raw binary files to hopefully reduce the file size.
* Einsums has its own argument parser.

What's Removed
--------------
* The `q` function from the C++ and Python interfaces, and the `r` function from the Python interface.
* CP and Tucker decomposition broke and were not able to be fixed. They have been moved to experimental.
* h5cpp has been removed in favor of bare HDF5.
* Einsums has its own argument parser now and no longer relies on cpp-argparse.

Bug Fixes
---------

Known Issues
------------
* CP and Tucker decomposition do not work.